# ROS2 Skills Warmup

**Goal:** The goal of this warmup is to ensure:
1. That your laptop coding environment is working, and
2. Refresh you on the basics of ROS2

Students entering 16.85 are expected to be moderately comfortable with ROS2 and its coding environment. Because 16.85 is a team-based, algorithm-focused class, students without these materials fresh will have difficulty contributing.

This short warmup is designed to help remind you of the prerequisite ROS2 skills. For reference, my solution took less than an hour to write and was ~100 lines of code (much of it standard ROS2 boilerplate).

## Deliverables
The following items should be completed (although they do not need to be submitted):
- Your code
- A short screen capture of your code running (e.g., here's [my video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OIgn-4ynEsshnMw_IAbdsXlY1PtaFI9t/view?usp=sharing) as an example)

Your code/video must meet the following conditions:
1. The code can be written in Python or C++, but it must use [ROS2](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/index.html).
2. Your video should show the following: In one terminal, launch the `turtlesim_node`, part of the standard ROS2 tutorial package `turtlesim` (see documentation [here](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Introducing-Turtlesim/Introducing-Turtlesim.html)). In another terminal, run your custom code.
3. Your code should do the following actions:
    - First, move the turtle smoothly to position `(1,1)`, **regardless** of its starting position.
    - Second, spell out your initials (two or three letters) using the turtle's path.
    - Finally, navigate to position `(5.5,9)`.
    - Note: This code only requires `cmd_vel` and `pose` topics, and should use **both**.
4. The code you are writing should be your own -- while you will likely reference documentation and other resources, you should understand the code you are writing -- do **not** simply copy/paste AI-generated code.

**Let us know if you have any questions, comments, or concerns (or if you spot any mistakes in the write-up)!**